hey I'm doing a skate warehouse unboxing
video I on each skateboard will be
complete hands-on backpack so so here's
all the stuff and then right grip tape
stuck in here okay so here's the grip
tape I got in grizzly grip the stencil
grip and then I got curly backpack it's
pretty cheap here's that
and stuff right we're gonna swing trucks
and stuff I'm guessing
alright so I got bones stf wheels
they're the mumford ones they are size
50 1 millimeter then here's some Thunder
riser pads I don't like it how they make
you thrown the Roger fence though but
for then I got bones reds bearings
mm-hmm he's just some spitfire wax yeah
then I got shake jump point where and
then I got
independent just the standard trucks and
they have our red bushings and their
size eight low drops yeah 20 mins then
finally my board this is a p rod
clumping speedrun jersey deck through
the nice size 8 so it would be nice